<div><b>Creation Date:</b> Thursday, January 9, 2025 at 5:34:01 PM<br></div>
<div><b>Modification Date:</b> Monday, January 13, 2025 at 7:20:05 PM<br></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">Senior Product Manager at LogicMonitor</span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">https://builtin.com/job/senior-product-manager/3778883</span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">As a Senior Product Manager at LogicMonitor, you will drive the success of the visualization of monitored data within the platform, ensuring timely delivery of the right product. You will lead cross-functional teams, strategize on key performance indicators, and mentor fellow product managers while influencing business success through innovation and collaboration.</span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 18px"><h2><br></h2></span></b></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">Summary Generated by Built In</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 18px"><h2><br></h2></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">About Us:</span></b><span style="font-size: 15px">  </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">We love going to work and think you should too. Our team is dedicated to trust, customer obsession, agility, and striving to be better everyday. These values serve as the foundation of our culture, guiding our actions and driving us towards excellence. We foster a culture of performance and recognition, allowing us to transform growth as we enable our employees to do the best work of their careers.</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">This position is located in Austin, TX. </span></b><span style="font-size: 15px">Our office is based in the vibrant San Jacinto Center downtown with breathtaking views of Lady Bird Lake. Across the globe, our Centers of Energy serve as hubs where we accelerate productivity and collaboration, inspire creativity, and cultivate a culture of connection and celebration. Our teams coordinate their time in Centers of Energy to reflect how they work best.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">To learn more about life at LogicMonitor, check out our Careers Page.</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">What You'll Do:</span></b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">LM Envision, LogicMonitor's leading hybrid observability platform powered by AI, helps modern enterprises gain operational visibility into and predictability across their IT stacks, so they can continue to deliver extraordinary employee and customer experiences. LogicMonitor has a layered approach to intelligence, where AI and Machine Learning is baked into every facet of the LM Envision platform to help IT teams improve efficiency, minimize alert fatigue, proactively predict trends, and maximize enterprise growth and transformation. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">Our customers love LogicMonitor's ability to bring cloud and traditional IT together into one view, as seen in minimal churn rates, expansion business, and </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">exciting new customer references. In fact, LogicMonitor has received the highest Net Promoter Score of any IT Infrastructure Management provider. LogicMonitor also boasts high employee satisfaction. We have been certified as a Great Place To Work®, and named one of BuiltIn's Best Places to Work for the sixth year in a row! </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">LogicMonitor is looking for a talented and experienced Senior Product Manager to drive the success of the visualization of monitored data in the platform inline with the company vision. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">As a cross-functional leader, you will play a key role in driving business success by delivering the right product at the right time, ensuring strong performance across critical metrics such as bookings, adoption, expansion, and customer outcomes. Your expertise in IT processes, hybrid infrastructure, observability, and cloud-managed technologies will be essential in addressing customer pain points and navigating fast-moving industry landscapes.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">This role offers a unique opportunity to make your mark by shepherding innovation, mentoring fellow product managers, and fostering impactful partnerships with technology collaborators, engineers, sales, marketing, and design teams. Together, you’ll create and enhance a suite of LogicMonitor offerings that empower customers to achieve their goals while advancing business growth.</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">Here's a closer look at this key role:</span></b></div>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Develop a comprehensive understanding of the LogicMonitor product suite, including the ability to demo functionality beyond your direct area of ownership.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Serve as the subject matter expert and go-to resource for your dedicated product focus areas, providing deep insights and guidance.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Own and maintain the product roadmap for your area, ensuring transparency by updating and communicating it across the company.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Define, evaluate, and track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the success of your product areas.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Formulate and articulate a clear vision for your area by leveraging competitive intelligence, key business drivers, and industry trends.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Communicate execution plans and progress effectively to all stakeholders, fostering alignment and collaboration.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Drive cross-functional teams to deliver roadmap goals, influencing outcomes without direct authority.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Establish and refine policies and procedures to help the Product Team at LogicMonitor set a new standard of excellence.</span></li>
</ul>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 15px">What You'll Need:</span></b><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; advanced degrees in MBA, Computer Science, or Computer Engineering preferred.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">5+ years of software product management experience, ideally in cloud-managed networking, hybrid infrastructure, or related technologies</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Prior experience with data analytics and business intelligence solutions</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Proven ability to lead and inspire cross-functional teams, bridging Product-Engineering and Product-GTM functions to achieve strategic goals.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Strong business acumen, inquisitiveness, and humility, with a detail-oriented and strategic mindset to translate vision into actionable objectives and measurable results.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Demonstrated success in driving business impact and delivering exceptional customer outcomes through innovative product management.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 15px">Expertise in agile development practices and the ability to effectively communicate feature roadmaps, priorities, and progress to both internal and external stakeholders.</span></li>
</ul>
<div><i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></i></div>
<div><i><span style="font-size: 15px">Residents of California, click Here to view our California Applicant Privacy Notice.</span></i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><i><span style="font-size: 15px">Anticipated Application Close Date: 03/17/2025</span></i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></i></b></div>
<div><b><i><span style="font-size: 15px">LogicMonitor is an Equal Opportunity Employer</span></i></b></div>
<div><i><span style="font-size: 15px">At LogicMonitor, we believe that innovation thrives when every voice is heard and each individual is empowered to bring their unique perspective. We’re committed to creating a workplace where diversity is celebrated, and all employees feel inspired and supported to contribute their best.</span></i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><i><span style="font-size: 15px">For us, equal opportunity means fostering a truly inclusive culture where everyone has the chance to grow and succeed. We don’t just open doors; we invite you to step through and be part of something bigger. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.</span></i><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">#LI-ME1 #BI-Hybrid #LI-Hybrid</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">LogicMonitor is dedicated to fostering a culture of transparency and fairness, including our commitment to pay transparency. We provide the base salary ranges for all positions posted within the United States. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">Compensation packages at LogicMonitor for eligible roles include base salary, a variable plan depending on role, along with comprehensive benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum base salary target for new hires in the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. LogicMonitor employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. As part of our holistic compensation philosophy, your package will also include, but is not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, generous parental leave policies, access to our Employee Assistance Program and various Wellness programs, a 401K with company matching, a learning and development stipend, and an unlimited vacation policy. For more information on our benefits, see our careers page.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">The Base Salary range for this role is:</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 15px">$151,200—$207,900 USD</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 18px"><h2><br></h2></span></b></div>

